Mr. Gu brought your planning case on a business trip with me
Okay, is Xu Techu together?
Just you.
Mr. Gu
What happened again?
I only got my classroom pass a month ago
Haven't been on the highway yet
So for your personal safety
Take a picture, I think I still have to inform you.
Hey, do you want to drive yourself?
I don't want to risk my life
Give to a
Only drivers during the internship period
4 8s Xiaoxiao's boyfriend's license plate number also has 4 8s.
Do rich people like 8 so much these days?
Ah, gross!
I don't know if it's motion sickness or the child is at fault
Drink some water
privately
If you are not feeling well, you should have told me earlier
I didn't expect the cloud body to be quite caring
Look at the young couple
relatively dead
Husband takes good care of his wife
Look at you again
Hey, let's talk about it when we go home
Hey, are we all right?